Here are the ways to find  query history in Databricks:

**1. Using the Query History Tab:**

* **Go to the Query History tab:** This is located in the sidebar of your Databricks workspace.
* **Sort by duration:** Click the "Duration" column header to sort the list of queries by how long they took to execute. This will help you quickly identify the longest-running (and likely most expensive) queries.
* **Filter by time:** You can filter the query history to show only queries that ran in the last 24 hours.
* **View query details:** Click on a query to see more details, including the SQL command, execution plan, and performance metrics.

**2. Using the Query History System Table:**

* **Enable the `query` schema:** This schema contains the `system.query.history` table. You can enable it by following the instructions in the Databricks documentation on Enabling system table schemas [invalid URL removed].
* **Query the `system.query.history` table:** This table contains detailed information about all queries executed in your Databricks workspace. You can use SQL queries to filter and sort the data to find the top expensive queries in the last 24 hours.

Here's an example SQL query you can use to find the top 10 most expensive queries in the last 24 hours:

```sql
SELECT * 
FROM system.query.history 
WHERE execution_end_time >= date_sub(current_timestamp(), 1) 
ORDER BY execution_time DESC 
LIMIT 10
```

This query filters the `system.query.history` table to include only queries that finished executing in the last 24 hours and then orders them by execution time in descending order. Finally, it limits the results to the top 10 queries.

**Note:**

* Access to the `system.query.history` table may be restricted to admins.
* The exact columns available in the `system.query.history` table and the way to filter by time may vary depending on your Databricks version and configuration. Refer to the [Query history system table reference](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/admin/system-tables/query-history) for more details.
